README.md, before:

# Perfect Content WordPress Plugin

A WordPress plugin developed by Mantix BV that integrates with Perfect Content to automatically publish AI-generated content to your WordPress site.

## Features

- **API Integration**: Secure API endpoint for receiving content from Perfect Content
- **Image Handling**: Automatically downloads and saves featured images to WordPress media library
- **Scheduled Publishing**: Supports scheduled post publishing based on provided datetime
- **Admin Interface**: Easy-to-use admin page for API configuration
- **Multilingual**: Supports Dutch and English languages
- **Security**: API key authentication and input validation

## Installation

1. Upload the plugin files to `/wp-content/plugins/perfect-content/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
3. Go to Settings > Perfect Content to configure your API settings

## Configuration

1. After activation, go to **Settings > Perfect Content** in your WordPress admin
2. Copy the **API Endpoint** URL and **API Key** 
3. In your Perfect Content dashboard, go to "Edit" your company
4. Fill in the API endpoint and API key from the WordPress plugin
5. Save the settings in Perfect Content

## API Usage

The plugin creates a REST API endpoint at `/wp-json/perfect-content/v1/publish` that accepts POST requests with the following data:

```json
{
    "title": "Your Blog Post Title",
    "body": "Your blog post content with HTML formatting",
    "featured_image_url": "https://example.com/image.jpg",
    "published_at": "2024-01-01T12:00:00Z"
}
```

### Headers Required

- `X-API-KEY`: Your API key from the plugin settings
- `Content-Type`: application/json

### API Response

The API returns detailed information about the created post:

```json
{
    "success": true,
    "id": 123,
    "url": "https://yoursite.com/your-blog-post/",
    "status": "future",
    "published_at": "2024-01-01T12:00:00+00:00",
    "message": "Post created successfully"
}
```

## Security

- All API requests are authenticated using the API key
- Input data is sanitized and validated
- Images are downloaded securely and saved to WordPress media library
- Proper WordPress nonces are used for admin actions

## Multilingual Support

The plugin supports:
- English (en_US)
- Dutch (nl_NL)

Language files are included in the `/languages/` directory.

## Requirements

- WordPress 5.0 or higher
- PHP 7.4 or higher
- cURL extension (for image downloads)

## Support

For support and more information, visit [Perfect Content](https://perfectcontent.nl).

## About Mantix BV

This plugin is developed by [Mantix BV](https://mantix.nl), a Dutch software development company specializing in web applications and WordPress solutions.

## License

This plugin is licensed under the GPL v2 or later.

Commit message:

Rename plugin to "Perfect Content Connector": Update all references in code and documentation to reflect the new name. Change CSS class names for admin styles to match the new branding. Remove the old main plugin file and update the API endpoint namespace. Adjust installation instructions and other related documentation accordingly.

README.md, after:

# Perfect Content Connector WordPress Plugin

A WordPress plugin developed by Mantix BV that integrates with Perfect Content to automatically publish AI-generated content to your WordPress site.

## Features

- **API Integration**: Secure API endpoint for receiving content from Perfect Content
- **Image Handling**: Automatically downloads and saves featured images to WordPress media library
- **Scheduled Publishing**: Supports scheduled post publishing based on provided datetime
- **Admin Interface**: Easy-to-use admin page for API configuration
- **Multilingual**: Supports Dutch and English languages
- **Security**: API key authentication and input validation

## Installation

1. Upload the plugin files to `/wp-content/plugins/perfect-content-connector/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
3. Go to Settings > Perfect Content Connector to configure your API settings

## Configuration

1. After activation, go to **Settings > Perfect Content Connector** in your WordPress admin
2. Copy the **API Endpoint** URL and **API Key** 
3. In your Perfect Content dashboard, go to "Edit" your company
4. Fill in the API endpoint and API key from the WordPress plugin
5. Save the settings in Perfect Content

## API Usage

The plugin creates a REST API endpoint at `/wp-json/perfect-content-connector/v1/publish` that accepts POST requests with the following data:

```json
{
    "title": "Your Blog Post Title",
    "body": "Your blog post content with HTML formatting",
    "featured_image_url": "https://example.com/image.jpg",
    "published_at": "2024-01-01T12:00:00Z"
}
```

### Headers Required

- `X-API-KEY`: Your API key from the plugin settings
- `Content-Type`: application/json

### API Response

The API returns detailed information about the created post:

```json
{
    "success": true,
    "id": 123,
    "url": "https://yoursite.com/your-blog-post/",
    "status": "future",
    "published_at": "2024-01-01T12:00:00+00:00",
    "message": "Post created successfully"
}
```

## Security

- All API requests are authenticated using the API key
- Input data is sanitized and validated
- Images are downloaded securely and saved to WordPress media library
- Proper WordPress nonces are used for admin actions

## Multilingual Support

The plugin supports:
- English (en_US)
- Dutch (nl_NL)

Language files are included in the `/languages/` directory.

## Requirements

- WordPress 5.0 or higher
- PHP 7.4 or higher
- cURL extension (for image downloads)

## Support

For support and more information, visit [Perfect Content](https://perfectcontent.nl).

## About Mantix BV

This plugin is developed by [Mantix BV](https://mantix.nl), a Dutch software development company specializing in web applications and WordPress solutions.

## License

This plugin is licensed under the GPL v2 or later.
